W-17756974-database-connector-oracle-torubleshooting-kt (#2796)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: db/1.14/modules/ROOT/pages/database-connector-troubleshooting.adoc

For more information about how to set system properties, refer to the xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-system.adoc[system properties] documentation.

== Troubleshoot TCP Keep Alive for Oracle Driver

> If a query or stored procedure takes more than 15 ~ 30 minutes to execute, the connection might get closed by the firewall or network devices due to inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a query or stored procedure takes more than 15–30 minutes to execute, the firewall or network device might close the connection.
```

> If a query or stored procedure takes more than 15 or 30 minutes to execute, the connection might get closed by the firewall or network devices due to inactivity.

Reviewer: Which? 15 or 30? Or should it be 15-30?

> To prevent this, set the TCP Keep Alive for the Oracle provider by adding the following flag as a JVM parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this, set the TCP Keep Alive for the Oracle provider by adding this flag as a JVM parameter:
```

Reviewer: (Drop "the following" from intros.)
